Docs: Update documentation for Elasticsearch (#84350)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/elasticsearch/query-editor/index.md

# Elasticsearch query editor

Grafana provides a query editor for Elasticsearch. Elasticsearch queries are in Lucene format.
See [Lucene query syntax](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/lucene-query.html) and [Query string syntax](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/8.9/query-dsl-query-string-query.html#query-string-syntax) if you are new to working with Lucene queries in Elasticsearch.

{{% admonition type="note" %}}

> When composing Lucene queries, ensure that you use uppercase boolean operators: AND, OR, and NOT. Lowercase versions of these operators are not correctly parsed by Elasticsearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When composing Lucene queries, ensure that you use uppercase boolean operators: `AND`, `OR`, and `NOT`. Lowercase versions of these operators are not supported by the Lucene query language.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When composing Lucene queries, ensure that you use uppercase boolean operators: `AND`, `OR`, and `NOT`. Lowercase versions of these operators are not supported by the Lucene query syntax.
```

changed to `Lucene query syntax` as we also use that above.

> When composing Lucene queries, ensure that you use uppercase boolean operators: `AND`, `OR`, and `NOT`. Lowercase versions of these operators are not supported by the Lucene query language.

Author: ```suggestion
When composing Lucene queries, ensure that you use uppercase boolean operators: `AND`, `OR`, and `NOT`. Lowercase versions of these operators are not supported by the Lucene query syntax.
```
